Thank you for downloading the Infinite Legacy X Screenpack! 
Here are explicit instructions on how to set this up for use 
with IKEMEN Nightly (as of 01-24-2025)

1. 
Use a fresh copy of IKEMEN GO 0.99 RC2, run it, set it to a 16:9 
resolution, and save.

2.
There are three folders in this archive. 
"data", "SLOTS", and "ANNOUNCER"
First thing first is copy "data" into your IKEMEN folder.

IF YOU LIKE THE DEFAULT OPTIONS
(916 SLOTS AND ANNOUNCER 2)
THEN SKIP TO STEP 5

3. If you want to change the character slot count, open the SLOTS folder. 
Open the folder for how many character slots you want, and drag the "data" 
folder from within into your IKEMEN folder. Overwrite if asked.

4. If you want to change the announcer, open the ANNOUNCER folder. 
Open the folder for the announcer you want, and drag the "data" folder 
from within into your IKEMEN folder. Overwrite if asked.

5.
Edit your save/config.ini file (if it does not exist, reread Step 1 carefully.):

	Edit "States" under [Common]:
		Change "data/action.zss" to "data/ilx/action.zss". 
		Change "data/tag.zss" to "data/ilx/tag.zss" if you want the default IKEMEN tag
		OR to "data/ilx/activetag.zss" if you want PotS's active tag system.
		(more info further down this document)

	Edit "Motif" under [Config]:
		Change it from "data/system.def" to "data/ilx/system.def".

	Edit "Font" under [Debug]:
		Change "font/debug.def" to "data/ilx/font/MvC-lifebar.def".
		This is especially necessary if using activetag.zss

Save the file.

The screenpack is now installed.
Edit your roster using data/select.def.

Notes:
-IF YOU ARE UPDATING FROM 0.98.2's 700 SLOT VERSION, keep in mind that 
this will no longer use data/ilx/select.def, but is now using data/select.def. 
BLANK slots are no longer required either, thanks to 0.99's new cell.skip feature. 
Simply list your characters in the select.def like a normal screenpack.

-The action and tag.zss files included are necessary for the lifebars 
to function correctly.

-The active tag system was created by P.o.t.S and can be found here: 
	https://mugenguild.com/forum/topics/active-tag-system-197000.0.html
If you want to know more about how it works, I've included the
"activetag_readme.txt".

-I do not plan to keep this updated with every Nightly release. This is only guaranteed to be supported on the 01-22-2025 Nightly build. Future Nightly releases may break this. Whether I update or not is not guaranteed. I WILL update for stable releases though, whenever the IKEMEN GO team wants to release one. 


CREDITS:
Screenpack made by OroCrimson. Inspired loosely by 90s CAPCOM UI.
Borrows elements from various other screenpacks.
Marvel vs Capcom fonts from NDSilva's HD Marvel vs Capcom screenpack.
Pocket Fighter fonts, animations, and announcer from Slushzer's Pocket Fighter lifebars.
Fight Timer font from Dark-Shade's Street Fighter III New Generation lifebars.
VS animation from Toxic's Street Fighter Alpha screenpack.
Win icons from Maxi Mugen's Street Fighter Alpha 2 screenpack.
Announcer 1 title callout generated by 15.ai using Tara Strong's voice.
Announcer 2 title callout generated by Elevenlabs using Tony Daniels's voice.
	(Marvel Super Heroes vs Street Fighter announcer.)
Concept design assisted by Lukegroundflyer.
Logo designed by VWBeetle.
Active Tag included made by Phantom of the Server (PotS).
